Updates to two files for smart contract naming limitations. (#347)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/smart-contracts/tutorials/piggy-bank/writing.rst

initialization that everything is set up as expected, but more about this
later.

.. [#valid-name] The contract name and function name is only allowed to consist of ASCII alphanumeric or

>    punctuation characters, and is not allowed to contain the ``.`` symbol. The function name is limited to 100 bytes.

Reviewer: The function name is allowed to contain `.`

>    punctuation characters, and is not allowed to contain the ``.`` symbol. The **function name** is limited to 100 bytes and is only allowed to consist of ASCII alphanumeric or punctuation characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   punctuation characters, and is not allowed to contain the ``.`` symbol. The **function name** is only allowed to consist of ASCII alphanumeric or punctuation characters. The **function name** together with **contract name** must not exceed 99 characters.
```
